Certainly! Given the context of industrial press machines and container management, let's create a list of important KPIs and data points that would be valuable for your clients. We'll focus on information that can be extracted from time-series data and that would be crucial for operational efficiency and decision-making.

Machine Utilization

Total operating hours per day/week/month
Percentage of time the machine is actively working vs. idle
Peak operating hours


Container Management

Current fill level of containers
Average time to fill a container
Prediction of when a container will be full
Number of container changes per day/week


Efficiency Metrics

Cycles per hour (number of press operations)
Average cycle time
Downtime analysis (reasons and duration)


Maintenance Indicators

Time since last maintenance
Predicted time to next maintenance based on usage
Number of error states or anomalies detected


Production Metrics

Total volume or weight processed
Production rate (volume/weight per hour)
Comparison of actual production vs. target


Quality Control

Error rate or number of defects detected
Time spent in error states


Energy Consumption

Power usage over time
Energy efficiency (production per unit of energy)


Logistics Optimization

Average wait time for container pickup
Number of times production was halted due to full containers
Optimal scheduling for truck drivers based on fill rates


Safety Metrics

Number of emergency stops
Time spent in safety-critical states


Comparative Analytics

Performance comparison between different machines or sites
Historical trends (day-over-day, week-over-week, etc.)


Cost Analysis

Operating cost per hour
Cost per unit produced
Labor efficiency (output per labor hour)


Predictive Indicators

Early warning signs for potential breakdowns
Projected production capacity for upcoming periods



For a POC, I would recommend focusing on the following key areas:

Machine Utilization: This gives a clear picture of how effectively the machines are being used.
Container Management: Critical for logistics and preventing production halts.
Efficiency Metrics: Provides insight into the productivity of the operations.
Maintenance Indicators: Helps in preventing unexpected downtime.
Production Metrics: Offers a tangible measure of output.

To implement these for your POC, you could create:

A real-time dashboard showing current machine status, container fill levels, and daily production totals.
A daily/weekly report summarizing machine utilization, efficiency, and production metrics.
Alerts for when containers are nearing capacity or when maintenance is due.
A simple predictive model for container fill times and potential maintenance needs.
Comparative charts showing performance across different time periods or between different machines.

These features would demonstrate the value of your system in improving operational efficiency, reducing downtime, and optimizing logistics for your clients.CREATE TABLE public.database_connection_logs (
    id BIGSERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
    timestamp TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP,
    process_id INTEGER,
    application_name VARCHAR(255),
    database_name VARCHAR(255),
    user_name VARCHAR(255),
    client_addr VARCHAR(255),
    backend_start TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE,
    query TEXT,
    state VARCHAR(50),
    function_name VARCHAR(255),
    file_name VARCHAR(255),
    line_number INTEGER
);